* Technology needs to be embedded in the business not external to it or merely aligned with it - "The Unicorn Project"  by GeneKim, WSJ bestselling author: The Unicorn Project! DevOps researcher & enthusiast. Coauthor: DevOps Handbook, Phoenix Project, Accelerate. Tripwire founder. Clojure.

The Unicorn Project is a fictionalized story about a DevOps transformation taking place at the same time as The Phoenix Project. In this novel, Gene Kim introduces the five ideals
The First Ideal is Locality and Simplicity, Simplicity is important, because it enables locality. Locality in our code is what keeps system loosely coupled, enabling us to deliver features faster. Teams can quickly  and independently develop, test, and deploy value to customers. Locality in our organizations allows teams to make decisions without having communicate and coordinate with people outside the team, potentially having to get approvals from distant authorities or committees so far removed from the work that they have no relevant basis to make good decisions.
The Second Ideal is Focus, Flow, and Joy, It's all about how our daily work feels. Is our work marked by boredom & waiting for other people to get things done on our behalf? Do we blindly work on small pieces of the whole, only seeing outcomes of our work during a deployment when everything blows up, leading to the firefighting, punishment, and burnout? Or we work in small batches, ideally single-piece flow, getting fast & continual feedback on our work. These're the conditions allowing focus & flow, challenge, learning discovery, & mastering our domain.
The Third Ideal is Improvement of Daily Work,  Reflect upon what Toyota Andon teaches us about how we must elevate improvement of daily work over daily work itself.
The Fourth Ideal is Psychological Safety, where we make it safe to talk about problems, because solving problems requires prevention which requires honesty, and honesty requires the absence of fear.
The Fifth Ideal is Customer Focus, where we ruthlessly question whether something actually matters to our customers, as in, are they willing to pay us for it or is it only of value to our functional silo?
The key protagonist, Maxine, is a talented lead developer and architect blamed for an outage and exiled on the Phoenix project. Throughout her journey, she partners with a team of corporate rebels, and together they confront their legacy and change-averse processes and apply the five ideals to lead a positive and lasting business, technology and cultural transformation.
This story will not be unfamiliar to anyone who works in a large corporation. The challenges are common to many organizations that are trying to transform into a digital and elite company. The cultural and organizational principles, as described in the five ideals, are foundational to accomplishing sustainable business outcomes and are already being elevated and adopted by the community as DevOps core values and principles.
